Setup a Pull Request template to the site (#97)
uptane/uptane.github.io: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Summary of Changes

Describe the changes or improvements made in this pull request.

## Related Issue

Closes #<issue-number>

## Checklist

> - [ ] I have read and followed the [project's contribution guidelines](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/lab-guidelines/blob/master/dev-workflow.md), including code style and commit message conventions.

Reviewer: I think these are not our project guidelines

> - [ ] I have read and followed the [project's contribution guidelines](https://github.com/secure-systems-lab/lab-guidelines/blob/master/dev-workflow.md), including code style and commit message conventions.

Reviewer: I think these our not our contributions guidelines

Reviewer 2: The secure-systems-lab is out of the NYU team that leads Uptane. It may be more advantageous to copy the guidelines to our own site and link directly.

- [ ] My code is well-documented, and I've updated relevant documentation.
- [ ] I have added or updated test cases to ensure the code's functionality.
- [ ] I've tested these changes on my local environment.
- [ ] All tests pass, and there are no new linting errors.

> - [ ] I've reviewed and proofread my code and the changes.

Reviewer 3: Again--avoid contractions
```suggestion
- [ ] I have reviewed and proofread my code and the changes.
```
